okay so we're going to demo the s107 RC
helicopter and be connect so I'm going
to get started the student position
alright so we're going to the first
interlock second interlock now it's
ready to fly so I raised my arms up
slowly my left hand is the throttle term
I knew this motion let's turn right or
left
and then forward back will be like this
let's go show the hover
going forward every morning
sir
back
and we're done all right okay so what I
want to do now is just kind of give you
a general idea of what I did I suppose
the last video was the demonstration of
me flying the helicopter and that wasn't
the greatest video ever but it works so
to get the s107 to fly we take input
from the Xbox Kinect and it sends a
signal to my computer over there and the
computer reads the information and sends
that information to the Arduino board
down here on the floor and based on the
information it gets from the computer it
decodes it and sends it up this little
infrared LED which is flickering you can
see there it's kind of blurry but you
get the idea and that's the signal that
the s107 receives so it's been a fun
little project kind of pointless but
unless I did it all right take care